Terms of Use Agreement

Last Updated: May 15, 2025

Please read this Terms of Use Agreement (“**Terms of Use**”) carefully. Your access and use of this website and any related websites, subdomains, or applications that link to these Terms of Use and are operated by Terminally Online, Inc. (“**Terminally Online**,” "**we**,” "**us**,” or “**our**”), its affiliates or agents (collectively, “Website”), and the information and services enabled through the Website (each of the foregoing, including the Website, a “Service” and, collectively, the “Services”) are governed by these Terms of Use.

BY USING ANY SERVICES, CREATING AN ACCOUNT, CONNECTING A DIGITAL WALLET TO THE WEBSITE, AND/OR BROWSING THE WEBSITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT (1) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT, (2) YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH TERMINALLY ONLINE, (3) YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS OF USE PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ENTITY IS REGISTERED OR INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION) YOU HAVE NAMED AS THE USER, AND TO BIND THAT ENTITY TO THE TERMS OF USE; AND (4) YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES COMPLIES WITH THE LAWS OF YOUR JURISDICTION. THE TERM **“YOU”** REFERS TO THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY, AS APPLICABLE, IDENTIFIED AS THE USER WHEN YOU REGISTERED ON THE WEBSITE. **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES.**

The Services provide an interface that allows users of the Services (“**Users**”) to interact with a blockchain-based protocol that creates a smart contract for each User that performs self-executing digital asset transactions based on conditions pre-defined by each such User (“**Protocol**”). The Protocol is an independent, decentralized, open-source, software-based protocol. For the avoidance of doubt, the Protocol is not part of the Website and is not part of the Services made available by Terminally Online under this Agreement (defined below). Terminally Online has no obligation to monitor or control any use of the Protocol by you or any third party. Terminally Online makes no representations or warranties about the functionality of the Protocol. All interactions on the Protocol are undertaken at your own risk, and Terminally Online is not and shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any loss or damage arising from or connected to your or any third party’s use of the Protocol. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the terms of Sections 9 through 12 of this Agreement apply, mutatis mutandis, to any claims arising out of your interaction with or inability to interact with the Protocol. THE PROTOCOL IS MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND YOU ACCESS AND/OR INTERACT WITH THE PROTOCOL AT YOUR OWN RISK.

**Terminally Online IS NOT AN Exchange, trust company, licensed broker, dealer, broker-dealer, investment advisor, investment manager, or adviser. neither Terminally Online nor our Services give, offer, or render investment, tax, or legal advice. Terminally Online PROVIDES SOFTWARE THAT ALLOWS YOU TO MANAGE YOUR SELF-CUSTODIED SOFTWARE WALLETS AND OTHERWISE WRITE TRANSACTIONS THAT MAY BE EXECUTED ON THIRD-PARTY BLOCKCHAINS AND OTHER THIRD-PARTY SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW). Before making financial or investment decisions, we recommend that you contact an investment advisor, or tax or legal professional.**

**SECTION 16 CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND TERMINALLY ONLINE. AMONG OTHER THINGS, SECTION 16 INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. SECTION 16 ALSO CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. PLEASE READ SECTION 16 CAREFULLY.**

**UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 16: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.**

**ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED FROM THIS AGREEMENT.**

Your use of, and participation in, certain Services may be subject to additional terms (“**Supplemental Terms**”) and such Supplemental Terms will either be listed in the Terms of Use or will be presented to you for your acceptance when you sign up to use the supplemental Service. If the Terms of Use are inconsistent with the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms shall control with respect to such Service. The Terms of Use and any applicable Supplemental Terms are referred to herein as the “**Agreement**.”

PLEASE NOTE THAT The Agreement IS subject to change by Terminally Online in its sole discretion at any time. When changes are made, Terminally Online will make a new copy of the Terms of Use available at the Website and any new Supplemental Terms will be made available from within, or through, the affected Service on the Website. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Terms of Use. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email or by notification through the Services or through our social media channels. Any changes to the Agreement will be effective immediately for new users of the Website and/ or Services and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Website for existing Users. Terminally Online may require you to provide consent to the updated Agreement in a specified manner before further use of the Website, and/or the Services is permitted. If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the Services. Otherwise, your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). PLEASE REGULARLY CHECK THE WEBSITE TO VIEW THE THEN-CURRENT TERMS.

Section 1. **DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICES.** The Services include the Platform and the Services enabled thereby, as further defined and described below. There are important risks and limitations associated with the use of the Services as described below and elsewhere in these Terms of Use. Please read them carefully.

1.1 **The Platform.** The Services include access to Terminally Online’s “**Platform**,” which is a proprietary online platform enabled through the Website and the supported documentation made available therewith, that allows Users to interact with the Protocol in a user-friendly format, and to connect to compatible third-party digital wallets (each, a “**Digital Wallet**”). Users may be able to use the Platform to visualize cryptocurrency assets (“**User Assets**”) that are associated with a Digital Wallet and write transactions to be executed by such Digital Wallet on the Protocol or other third-party distributed ledgers compatible with the Protocol (each, a “**Supported Blockchain**”) in accordance with the technological and contractual parameters of such Supported Blockchain (the applicable “**Blockchain Rules**”). User Asset visualizations may include graphs, projections, and other information about your User Assets (collectively, “**User Asset Information**”). The Platform may also allow Users to visualize, describe, and create conditions under which the Protocol may effectuate a transaction involving specified User Assets (“**Flows**”). The Platform may draft transaction messages which deploy such Flows to the Protocol. A User may choose to make its Flows public to other Users of the Platform, and the Platform may enable Users to browse such public Flows for use in their own Account (defined below).

1.2 **Beta Services.** Subject to your ongoing compliance with these Terms of Use, Terminally Online may permit you to access certain trial or beta products, features, or services (collectively, “**Beta Services**”) as such Beta Services may be offered by Terminally Online from time to time, including without limitation any testnets or demo apps made available by Terminally Online. In order to access such Beta Services, you may be required to provide Terminally Online with (a) your email address and (b) certain information related to your use of the Beta Services. The decision to permit any use of any Beta Services is made in Terminally Online’s sole discretion. You acknowledge that any Beta Services to which you are given access are in a beta stage of development, and you use any Beta Services at your own risk. If you are given access to Beta Services, you agree to provide Feedback (defined below) to Terminally Online concerning the functionality and performance of the Beta Services from time to time as reasonably requested by Terminally Online, including, without limitation, identifying potential errors and improvements. You further agree that the Beta Services are the confidential information of Terminally Online, and you agree that at all times and notwithstanding any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use you will hold in strict confidence and not disclose to any third party the existence or any details of the Beta Services.

1.3 **Open Source Software.** You acknowledge and agree that the Service may use, incorporate or link to certain software made available under an “open-source” or “free” license (“**OSS**” or “**OSS License**”, as applicable), and that your use of the Service is subject to, and you agree to comply with, any applicable OSS Licenses. Each item of OSS is licensed under the terms of the end-user license that accompanies such OSS. Nothing in this Agreement limits your rights under, or grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for the OSS.

1.4 **Connecting a Digital Wallet.** In order to access and use certain Services, you may need to connect a Digital Wallet to the Platform. When you connect a Digital Wallet, you represent and warrant that you own or have the authority to connect such Digital Wallet. Your instance of the Platform as linked to your Digital Wallet or other identifier(s) may be referred to herein as your “**Account**”. Terminally Online reserves the right to collect and record information about your use of the Service and any transactions that take place through the Service. Please note that if a Digital Wallet or associated service becomes unavailable then you should not attempt to use such Digital Wallet in connection with the Services, and we disclaim all liability in connection with the foregoing, including without limitation any inability to access any User Assets you have sent to such Digital Wallet. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR DIGITAL WALLET IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND TERMINALLY ONLINE DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED TO IT OR USER ASSETS THAT MAY BE DEPLOYED TO THE PROTOCOL BY OR THROUGH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS IN VIOLATION OF THE SETTINGS THAT YOU HAVE SET IN SUCH DIGITAL WALLETS.

1.5 **Your User Assets.** When you use the Services in connection with any User Assets, you represent and warrant that (a) you own or have the authority to connect to the applicable Digital Wallet; (b) you own or have the authority to deploy such User Assets or otherwise trade or make such User Assets available (i) on or through the Website or Services, as applicable, and (ii) on or through the Protocol; (c) all User Assets you deploy, transfer, deposit, or otherwise make available in connection with our Services have been earned, received, or otherwise acquired by you in compliance with all applicable laws; and (d) no User Assets that you deploy, transfer, deposit, or otherwise make available in connection with the Services have been “tumbled” or otherwise undergone any process designed to hide, mask, or obscure the origin or ownership of such User Assets. As between you and us, you are solely responsible for any determination by any third party (including without limitation applicable governmental or regulatory authority) as to the ownership, viability, transferability, legality, or regulatory status of any User Asset and/or your use thereof.

1.6 **Compatibility Risk.** The Services may not be compatible with all forms of cryptocurrency, blockchains, and/or types of transactions, and certain of your User Assets may not be compatible with the Services. Whether or not a User Asset is then-currently compatible with the Services may change at any time, in Terminally Online’s sole discretion, with or without notice to you.

1.7 **Taxes.** You are solely responsible (and Terminally Online has no responsibility) for determining what, if any, taxes apply to any transactions involving your User Assets.

Section 2. **ELIGIBILITY; USER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.**

2.1 **Registration Data.** When you access or use the Services in any way, you agree (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as may be prompted by the Services from time to time (“**Registration Data**”); and (b) to maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge and agree that our obligation to provide you with any Services is conditioned on the Registration Data being accurate and complete at all times during the term of this Agreement. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Terminally Online has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information you provide is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Terminally Online has the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof). You agree not to use the Services if you have been previously removed by Terminally Online, or if you have been previously banned from any of the Services. Terminally Online reserves the right to obtain and retain any Registration Data or other identifying information as it may determine from time to time in order for you to use and continue to use the Services.

2.2 **Eligibility.** You represent and warrant that:

(a) You are (i) at least eighteen (18) years old; (ii) of legal age to form a binding contract; and (iii) not a person barred from using Services under the laws of the United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction. If you are acting on behalf of a DAO or other entity, whether or not such entity is formally incorporated under the laws of your jurisdiction, you represent and warrant that you have all rights and authority necessary to act on behalf of such entity;

(b) None of: (i) you; (ii) any affiliate of any entity on behalf of which you are entering into this Agreement; (iii) any other person having a beneficial interest in any entity on behalf of which you are entering into this Agreement (or in any affiliate thereof); or (iv) any person for whom you are acting as agent or nominee in connection with this Agreement is: (A) a country, territory, entity or individual named on an OFAC list as provided at http://www.treas.gov/ofac, or any person or entity prohibited under the OFAC programs, regardless of whether or not they appear on the OFAC list; or (B) a senior foreign political figure, or any immediate family member or close associate of a senior foreign political figure. There is no legal proceeding pending that relates to your activities relating to buying, selling, staking, or otherwise using cryptocurrency or any other token- or digital asset- trading or blockchain technology related activities; and

(c) You have not failed to comply with, and have not violated, any applicable legal requirement relating to any blockchain technologies or token-trading activities or any other applicable laws, including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering or terrorist financing laws, and no investigation or review by any governmental entity is pending or, to your knowledge, has been threatened against or with respect to you, nor does any government order or action prohibit you or any of your representatives from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity or practice relating to cryptocurrency.

2.3 **Necessary Equipment and Software.** You must provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Services, including but not limited to, a device that is suitable to connect with and use the Services as applicable. You are solely responsible for any fees, including Internet connection or mobile fees, that you incur when accessing the Services.

Section 3. **Your Assumption of Risk.**

3.1 **Risk of Financial Loss.** When you use the Services, you understand and acknowledge that Terminally Online is not a financial OR INVESTMENT advisor and that the Services ENTAIL A RISK OF LOSS AND may not meet your needs. The Services provided by Terminally Online rely on Supported Blockchains and the applicable Blockchain Rules, which may not be reliable, consistent or dependent in all scenarios. Terminally Online may not be able to foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties which may result in data loss or other service interruptions. Terminally Online encourages you to periodically confirm the valuation of your User Assets and the accuracy of any User Asset Information through independent sources. Terminally Online does not and cannot make any guarantee that your User Assets will not lose value. The prices of cryptocurrency assets can be extremely volatile. Terminally Online makes no warranties as to any Supported Blockchain or the markets in which your User Assets are staked, transferred, purchased, or traded.

3.2 **Cybersecurity Risks.** You understand that like any other software, the Platform, and the Services could be at risk of third-party malware, hacks or cybersecurity breaches. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor your User Assets regularly and confirm their proper use and deployment consistent with your intentions.

3.3 **Expertise and Experience.** You represent and warrant that you (a) have the necessary technical expertise and ability to review and evaluate the security, integrity, and operation of your Digital Wallet and any Supported Blockchains to which your User Assets may be deployed and staked in connection with the Services; (b) have the knowledge, experience, understanding, professional advice and information to make your own evaluation of the merits, risks and applicable compliance requirements under applicable laws of any use of your Digital Wallet and any Supported Blockchains to which your User Assets may be deployed in connection with the Services; (c) know, understand and accept the risks associated with your Digital Wallet and any Supported Blockchains to which your User Assets may be deployed in connection with the Services; and (d) accept the risks associated with blockchain technology generally, and are responsible for conducting your own independent analysis of the risks specific to your use of the Services. You further agree that Terminally Online will have no responsibility or liability for such risks.

3.4 **General Risks of Blockchain Technology.** In order to be successfully completed, any transaction involving your User Assets initiated by or sent to your Digital Wallet must be confirmed by and recorded on the applicable Supported Blockchain. Terminally Online has no control over any Supported Blockchain and therefore cannot and does not ensure that any transaction details that you submit or receive via our Services will be validated by or confirmed on the relevant Supported Blockchain, and Terminally Online does not have the ability to facilitate any cancellation or modification requests. You accept and acknowledge that you take full responsibility for all activities that you effect through your Digital Wallet and accept all risks of loss, including loss as a result of any authorized or unauthorized access to your Digital Wallet, to the maximum extent permitted by law. You further accept and acknowledge that:

(a) There are risks associated with using digital assets, including but not limited to, the risk of hardware, software and Internet connections; the risk of malicious software introduction; the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored within your Digital Wallet; the risks of counterfeit assets, mislabeled assets, assets that are vulnerable to metadata decay, assets on smart contracts with bugs, and assets that may become untransferable; and the risk that such digital assets may fluctuate in value. You accept and acknowledge that Terminally Online will not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions, delays or losses you may experience when using blockchain technology, however caused.

(b) The regulatory regimes governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens are uncertain, and new regulations or policies, or new or different interpretations of existing regulations, may materially adversely affect the development of the Services and the value of your User Assets.

(c) Terminally Online makes no guarantee as to the functionality of any blockchain’s decentralized governance, which could, among other things, lead to delays, conflicts of interest, or operational decisions (including without limitation changes to any Blockchain Rules) that are unfavorable to your User Assets. You acknowledge and accept that the Blockchain Rules governing the operation of a Supported Blockchain may be subject to sudden changes which may materially alter such Supported Blockchain and affect the value and function of any of your User Assets staked on or to that Supported Blockchain.

(d) Terminally Online makes no guarantee as to the security of any Supported Blockchain or Digital Wallet. Terminally Online is not liable for any hacks, double spending, or any other attacks on a Supported Blockchain or Digital Wallet.

(e) Any Supported Blockchain may slash or otherwise impose penalties on certain validators (including validators to which your User Assets have been deployed) in response to any activity not condoned by such Supported Blockchain, whether in accordance with the applicable Blockchain Rules or otherwise. You acknowledge and agree that Terminally Online shall have no liability in connection with any such slashing or penalties, including any slashing or penalties that result in a loss or depreciation of value of your User Assets.

(f) The Supported Blockchains are operated or controlled by and/or dependent on third parties, and Terminally Online is not responsible for their performance nor any risks associated with the use thereof. The functionality of the Services relies on, and Terminally Online makes no guarantee or warranties as to the functionality of or access to, any Supported Blockchain, Digital Wallet, or Third-Party Service.

(g) You control your Digital Wallet, and Terminally Online is not responsible for its performance, nor any risks associated with the use thereof.

Section 4. **USE OF THE SERVICES.**

4.1 **License to the Services.** Subject to the Agreement, Terminally Online grants you a limited license to access and use the Services solely as described hereunder. Unless otherwise specified by Terminally Online in a separate license, your right to use any and all Services is subject to this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that nothing set forth herein shall be construed as a sale of any ownership interest in or to the Services or any intellectual property rights associated therewith.

4.2 **Updates.** You understand that Services are evolving. You acknowledge and agree that Terminally Online may update Services with or without notifying you. You may need to update third-party software from time to time in order to use Services.

4.3 **Certain Restrictions.** The Services are intended for your internal use only. The rights granted to you in the Agreement are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or any portion of the Services, including the Website; (b) you shall not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other Services (including images, text, page layout or form) of Terminally Online; (c) you shall not use any metatags or other “hidden text” using Terminally Online’s name or trademarks; (d) you shall not modify, translate, adapt, merge, make derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Services except to the extent the foregoing restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law; (e) you shall not use any manual or automated software, devices or other processes (including but not limited to spiders, robots, scrapers, crawlers, avatars, data mining tools or the like) to “scrape” or download data from any web pages contained in the Website (except that we grant the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Website for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (f) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means; and (g) you shall not remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in the Services. Any future release, update or other addition to the Services shall be subject to the Agreement. Terminally Online, its suppliers and service providers reserve all rights not granted in the Agreement. Any unauthorized use of the Services may terminate the licenses granted by Terminally Online pursuant to the Agreement.

4.4 **Third-Party Services.** Certain features of the Services may rely on third-party websites, services, technology, or applications accessible or otherwise connected to the Services but not provided by Terminally Online, such as any Supported Blockchain, any validator on such Supported Blockchain, our third-party identity verification providers and your Digital Wallet (each, a “**Third-Party Service**” and, collectively, “**Third-Party Services**”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that (a) Terminally Online shall not be liable for any damages, liabilities, or other harms in connection with your use of and/or any inability to access the Third-Party Services; and (b) Terminally Online shall be under no obligation to inquire into and shall not be liable for any damages, other liabilities or harm to any person or entity relating to any losses, delays, failures, errors, interruptions or loss of data occurring directly or indirectly by reason of Third-Party Services or any other circumstances beyond Terminally Online’s control, including without limitation the failure of a Supported Blockchain or other Third-Party Service.

4.5 **Responsibility for Content.** You acknowledge that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, Flows and/or other materials (“Content”) is the sole responsibility of the individual or entity from whom or from which such Content originated. Among other things, this means that you, and not Terminally Online, are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with any Services (“**Your Content**”) and that other Users of the Service, and not Terminally Online, are responsible for all Content that they originate (“**User Content**”). Terminally Online has no obligation to store any User Content. Terminally Online has no responsibility or liability for: the deletion or accuracy of any Content, including Your Content; the failure to store, transmit, or receive transmission of Content; or the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other communications originating with or involving use of the Service.

Section 5. **OWNERSHIP.**

5.1 **Services.** Except with respect to Your Content, you agree that as between you and Terminally Online, Terminally Online and its suppliers own all rights, title and interest in the Services and the Platform including but not limited to, any software, computer code, algorithms, technology, themes, objects, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, methods of operation, and documentation, as well as all intellectual and proprietary rights related thereto. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying any Services.

5.2 **Trademarks.** Any stylized name used on the Website and all related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with any Services, or in connection with the Services, are the trademarks of Terminally Online and may not be used without permission in connection with your, or any third-party, products or services. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names that may appear on or in the Services are the property of their respective owners.

5.3 **Feedback.** You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to Terminally Online through its suggestion, feedback, wiki, discord, forum, or other pages or means (“**Feedback**”) is at your own risk and that Terminally Online has no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback. You hereby grant to Terminally Online a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights, in connection with the operation and maintenance of Services and/or Terminally Online’s business.

Section 6. **USER CONDUCT; LICENSE TO YOUR CONTENT.**

6.1 **License Grant to Terminally Online.** You hereby grant Terminally Online a fully paid, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to use, sublicense, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, and display, Your Content (in whole or in part) for the purposes of (a) providing the Services, including making Your Content available to other Users in accordance with your elections on the Services; (b) improving the Services (as well as developing other products and services); (c) the advertising and promotion of Terminally Online, its partners, and its and their products and services; and (d) monitoring and analyzing User Content usage of the Services in order to derive and share insights based on User Content and usage of the Services. Except with respect to Your Content, you agree that you have no right, title, or interest in or to any User Content that appears on or in the Services.

6.2 **License Grant to Other Users.** You also hereby grant each User of the Services a non-exclusive license to access Your Content through the Services, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement.

6.3 **No Obligation to Pre-Screen Content**. Terminally Online shall have the right, but Terminally Online shall not be obligated, to pre-screen, refuse or remove any User Content for any reason, including if User Content violates the Agreement or is otherwise objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of Your Content, including without limitation chat, text, video, or voice communications.

6.4 **Representations and Warranties.** You represent and warrant that: (a) you have all necessary right, title, interest, authorizations, and permissions to: (i) make available all of Your Content; and (ii) grant the rights, licenses, and permissions granted hereunder with respect to any data, Content, information, or Feedback, including Your Content; and (b) Your Content (including the authorized use thereof as provided for herein) will not be libelous or defamatory, will not violate any law, rule or regulation, and will not violate any right of any third party, including, without limitation, any securities law, rule or regulation, or any copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or publicity right. You further agree to indemnify and hold harmless Terminally Online from and against any claim arising out of or relating to any actual or alleged breach of the immediately preceding clause (b).

Section 7. **USER CONDUCT.** You agree that you are solely responsible for your conduct in connection with the Services. You agree that you will abide by this Agreement and will not (and will not attempt to): (a) provide false or misleading information to Terminally Online; (b) use or attempt to use another User’s Digital Wallet; (c) pose as another person or entity; (d) use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other Users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner; (e) develop, utilize, or disseminate any software, or interact with any API in any manner, that could damage, harm, or impair the Services; (f) bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any service, area, or code of the Services; (g) attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ; (h) collect or harvest data from our Services that would allow you to contact individuals, companies, or other persons or entities, or use any such data to contact such entities; (i) use data collected from our Services for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation, email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing, and direct marketing); (j) bypass or ignore instructions that control all automated access to the Services; (k) use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage, or promote any activity that violates any applicable law or this Agreement; (l) carry out any illegal activities in connection with or in any way related to your access to and use of the Services, including but not limited to money laundering, terrorist financing, or deliberately engaging in activities designed to adversely affect the performance of the Services; (m) engage in or knowingly facilitate any “front-running,” “wash trading,” “pump and dump trading,” “ramping,” “cornering” or fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative trading activities, including: (i) trading User Assets at successively lower or higher prices for the purpose of creating or inducing a false, misleading or artificial appearance of activity in such User Asset, unduly or improperly influencing the market price for such User Asset on the Services or any Supported Blockchain or establishing a price which does not reflect the true state of the market in such User Asset; (ii) for the purpose of creating or inducing a false or misleading appearance of activity in a User Asset or creating or inducing a false or misleading appearance with respect to the market in a User Asset: (1) executing or causing the execution of any transaction in a User Asset which involves no material change in the beneficial ownership thereof; or (2) entering any order for the purchase or sale of a User Asset with the knowledge that an order of substantially the same size, and at substantially the same price, for the sale of such User Asset, has been or will be entered by or for the same or different parties; or (iii) participating in, facilitating, assisting or knowingly transacting with any pool, syndicate or joint account organized for the purpose of unfairly or deceptively influencing the market price of a User Asset; (n) use the Services to carry out any financial activities subject to registration or licensing, including but not limited to using the Services to transact in securities, debt financings, equity financings or other similar transactions except in strict compliance with applicable law; (o) use the Service to participate in fundraising for a business, protocol, or platform except in strict compliance with applicable law; or (p) attempt to access any Digital Wallet that you do not have the legal authority to access. Any unauthorized use of any Services terminates the licenses granted by Terminally Online pursuant to the Agreement.

Section 8. **FEES.**

8.1 **Fees.** Access to the Website and certain Services is free. However, Terminally Online reserves the right to charge fees (“Fees”) in connection with your use of certain Services from time to time. All pricing and payment terms for such Fees are as indicated on the Service, and any payment obligations you incur are binding at the time of the applicable transaction. In the event that Terminally Online makes available, and you elect to purchase, any Services in connection with which Terminally Online charges Fees, you agree that you will pay Terminally Online all such Fees at Terminally Online’s then-current standard rates. You acknowledge and agree that Fees may fluctuate based on market conditions on the applicable Supported Blockchain and notwithstanding any such fluctuation you remain liable for such Fees. You agree that all Fees are non-cancellable, non-refundable, and non-recoupable.

8.2 **Gas Fees.** You are solely responsible for ensuring that any payment made by you is sufficient to cover any Gas Fee required to complete any transaction in connection with or effect any other use of the Services. “Gas Fees” are transaction fees determined by market conditions on the applicable Supported Blockchain, and are not determined, set, or charged by Terminally Online.

8.3 **Taxes.** You are responsible for all federal, state, local, sales, use, value added, excise, or other taxes, fees, or duties arising out of the Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (other than taxes based on Terminally Online’s net income).

8.4 **Currency.** You may not substitute any other currency, whether cryptocurrency or fiat currency, for the currency in which you have contracted to pay any Fees. For clarity, no fluctuation in the value of any currency, whether cryptocurrency or otherwise, shall impact or excuse your obligations with respect to any transaction.

Section 9. **Indemnification.**

You agree to indemnify and hold Terminally Online, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, suppliers, and licensors (each, an “**Terminally Online Party**” and collectively, the “**Terminally Online Parties**”) harmless from any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of any and all of the following: (a) your use of, or inability to use, any Services (including any Platform); (b) your violation of the Agreement, including any of your representations or warranties hereunder; (c) your violation of any rights of another party, including any Users; (d) your failure to provide accurate or complete data in connection with your use of the Services; (e) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations; or (f) Your Content. Terminally Online reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Terminally Online in asserting any available defenses. This provision does not require you to indemnify any of the Terminally Online Parties for any unconscionable commercial practice by such party or for such party’s fraud, deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, or suppression or omission of any material fact in connection with the Website or any Services provided hereunder. You agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of the Agreement and/or your access to Services.

Section 10. **RELEASE.**

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU HEREBY RELEASE THE TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHATSOEVER, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY LOSS WHICH MAY BE SUSTAINED BY YOU WHILE USING, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY DIMINUTION OF VALUE TO OR LOSS OR THEFT OF ANY USER ASSETS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS RELEASE IS BINDING UPON YOUR RELATIVES, SPOUSE, HEIRS, NEXT OF KIN, EXECUTORS, ADMINISTRATORS, BENEFICIARIES, PARTNERS, AND ANY OTHER AFFILIATES OR INTERESTED PARTIES.

To the maximum extent permissible by applicable law, you waive and relinquish any and all rights and benefits otherwise conferred by any statutory or non-statutory law of any jurisdiction that would purport to limit the scope of a release or waiver, including any all rights and benefits which you have or may have under California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar law or code in your jurisdiction, which states in substance “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.” You acknowledge that the releases in these Terms of Use are intended to be as broad and inclusive as permitted by law, and as a complete and continuous release and waiver of liability for any and all use of the Services.

Section 11. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS.**

11.1 **As Is.** YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS. TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARISING FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE. **TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES WILL FUNCTION AS INTENDED OR BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR PURPOSES, AND YOU BEAR ALL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH ANY USER ASSETS THAT YOU USE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.**

(a) TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION THAT: (i) SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) YOUR USE OF SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; OR (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. TERMINALLY ONLINE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROTOCOL OR SERVICES, OR YOUR USE OF THE SAME. THE TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE OF THIRD-PARTY MALWARE, HACKS OR OTHER CYBERSECURITY BREACHES.

(b) ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM AND ANY DEVICE YOU USE TO ACCESS THE SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER LOSS THAT RESULTS THEREFROM.

(c) THE SERVICES MAY BE SUBJECT TO DELAYS, CANCELLATIONS AND OTHER DISRUPTIONS. TERMINALLY ONLINE MAKES NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE QUALITY, EFFECTIVENESS, REPUTATION AND OTHER CHARACTERISTICS OF SERVICES.

(d) NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM TERMINALLY ONLINE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.

11.2 From time to time, TERMINALLY ONLINE may offer new “beta” features or tools with which its users may experiment. Such features or tools are offered solely for experimental purposes and without any warranty of any kind, and may be modified or discontinued at TERMINALLY ONLINE’S sole discretion. The provisions of this section apply with full force to such features or tools.

11.3 **TERMINALLY ONLINE Is Not an Investment OR FINANCIAL Advisor. NEITHER TERMINALLY ONLINE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR INVESTMENT AND OTHER FINANCIAL DECISIONS, OR DAMAGES, OR OTHER LOSSES RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY TERMINALLY ONLINE WALLET. NEITHER TERMINALLY ONLINE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE CONSIDERED AN “EXPERT” UNDER THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LEGISLATION IN YOUR JURISDICTION. NEITHER TERMINALLY ONLINE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY APPLICABLE REGULATORY AUTHORITY, SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, OR ANY SIMILAR ORGANIZATION OR REGULATOR OR WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION.**

11.4 **No Liability for Blockchain Losses.** WE TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE OF DIGITAL ASSETS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (a) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (b) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (c) CORRUPTED DIGITAL WALLET FILES; (d) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO APPLICATIONS; OR (e) REMOVAL OF ANY USER CONTENT ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH DIGITAL ASSETS; OR (f) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE SERVICES, DIGITAL ASSETS, OR DIGITAL WALLETS. Terminally Online is not responsible for any losses or harms sustained by you due to vulnerability or any kind of failure, abnormal behavior of the Protocol, software (e.g., smart contract), blockchains, or any other features of or inherent to digital assets. Terminally Online is not responsible for any delay or failure to report any issues with any blockchain supporting digital assets, including without limitation forks, technical node issues, or any other issues that result in losses of any sort.

11.5 **No Liability for Conduct of Third Parties.** YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO SEEK OR HOLD TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES AND SUPPORTED BLOCKCHAINS, AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM SUCH THIRD PARTIES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. TERMINALLY ONLINE shall be under no obligation to inquire into and shall not be liable for any damages, other liabilities or harm to any person or entity relating to any losses, delays, failures, errors, interruptions or loss of data occurring directly or indirectly by reason of circumstances beyond TERMINALLY ONLINE control, including without limitation through the deployment of User Assets to any Supported Blockchain in connection with the Services AND ANY USER ASSET INFORMATION.

11.6 **No Liability in Connection with Open-Source Software.** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that any software or services you access under the terms of an OSS License is at your own risk, and Terminally Online shall not be liable for any damages, other liabilities or harm to any person or entity relating to any losses, delays, failures, errors, interruptions or loss of data occurring directly or indirectly by reason of circumstances outside beyond Terminally Online control, including without limitation through your use of any Content under the terms of an OSS License.

11.7 **No Liability for Third-Party Materials.** As a part of the Services, you may have access to materials that are hosted or made available by another party, including User Content. You agree that it is impossible for Terminally Online to monitor such materials and that you access these materials at your own risk.

11.8 **User Content.** TERMINALLY ONLINE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FLOWS, YOUR CONTENT, AND USER CONTENT), USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.

11.9 **No Liability for User Asset Information.** The User Asset Information provided by Terminally Online as part of the Services rely on Third-Party Services and Supported Blockchains and the applicable Blockchain Rules, and may not be reliable, consistent or dependent. Terminally Online provides the User Asset Information for your convenience and makes no warranty that such User Asset Information is accurate or complete and encourages you to regularly verify through independent sources that such User Asset Information is accurate and complete.

11.10 **No Guaranteed Returns.** All claims, estimates, specifications, and performance measurements described on the Services, including any projected gain, return, or yield on any Digital Asset are good-faith statements but subject to change from time to time in response to market conditions, unanticipated third-party activities, and other changes. You are solely responsible for checking and validating the accuracy and truthfulness of such statements, and Terminally Online shall have no responsibility or obligation relating to the foregoing. Any Content produced by Terminally Online on the Services has not been subject to audit and is for informational purposes only. You rely on the Services at your own risk.

11.11 Terminally Online does not encourage, induce, or sanction the deployment, integration, or use of the Service in violation of applicable laws or regulations and hereby prohibits any such deployment, integration or use. This includes use of any such applications by you (a) in violation of export control or sanctions laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction, (b) if you are located in or ordinarily resident in a country or territory subject to comprehensive sanctions administered by OFAC, or (c) if you are or are working on behalf of a Specially Designated National (“SDN”) or a person subject to similar blocking or denied party prohibitions. You should be aware that U.S. export control and sanctions laws prohibit U.S. person (and other persons that are subject to such laws) from transacting with persons in certain countries and territories or that are on the SDN list.

Section 12. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.**

12.1 **Disclaimer of Certain Damages.** YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE OR DATA, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OR COSTS DUE TO LOSS OF PRODUCTION OR USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE WHETHER OR NOT TERMINALLY ONLINE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR USE OF SERVICES OR ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS OR EXCHANGES WITH OTHER USERS OF SERVICES OR THIRD PARTIES THAT INTERACT WITH THE SERVICES, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY SUCH DAMAGES RESULTING FROM: (a) LOSS OR DIMINISHMENT IN VALUE OF USER ASSETS, (b) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE SERVICES; (c) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED; OR MESSAGES RECEIVED FOR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICES; (d) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (e) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SUPPORTED BLOCKCHAIN; (f) ANY USE OF THE PROTOCOL, OR (g) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, COPYRIGHT, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY FOR (i) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY’S NEGLIGENCE; OR FOR (ii) ANY INJURY CAUSED BY AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY’S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

12.2 **Cap on Liability.** TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE GREATER OF (a) $100; or (b) THE REMEDY OR PENALTY IMPOSED BY THE STATUTE UNDER WHICH SUCH CLAIM ARISES where such remedy or penalty cannot be waived or reduced pursuant to this agreement. THE FOREGOING CAP ON LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY FOR (i) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY’S NEGLIGENCE; OR FOR (ii) ANY INJURY CAUSED BY AN TERMINALLY ONLINE PARTY’S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

12.3 **User Content.** TERMINALLY ONLINE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR CONTENT AND USER CONTENT), USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.

12.4 **Exclusion of Damages.** CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

12.5 **Basis of the Bargain.** THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN TERMINALLY ONLINE AND YOU.

Section 13. **MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT.** If Terminally Online becomes aware of any possible violations by you of the Agreement, Terminally Online reserves the right to investigate such violations. If, as a result of the investigation, Terminally Online believes that criminal activity has occurred, Terminally Online reserves the right to refer the matter to, and to cooperate with, any and all applicable legal authorities. Terminally Online is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information or materials on or in the Services, including any information related to your Digital Wallet and other Registration Data, in Terminally Online’s possession in connection with your use of Services, (a) to comply with applicable laws, legal process or governmental request; (b) to enforce the Agreement (c) to respond to your requests for customer service, (d) respond to any claims that Your Content violates the rights of third parties, or (e) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Terminally Online, its Users or the public, and all enforcement or other government officials, as Terminally Online in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.

Section 14. **TERM AND TERMINATION.**

14.1 **Term.** The Agreement commences on the date when you accept the Agreement (as described in the preamble above) and remain in full force and effect while you use Services, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the Agreement.

14.2 **Prior Use.** Notwithstanding the foregoing, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Agreement commenced on the earlier to occur of (a) the date you first used Services or (b) the date you accepted the Agreement, and will remain in full force and effect while you use any Services, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

14.3 **Termination of Services by Terminally Online.** Terminally Online reserves the right to terminate this Agreement and your access to the Services at any time, for any or for no reason, with or without notice to you.

14.4 **Termination of Services by You.** If you want to terminate the Services provided by Terminally Online, you may do so by (a) notifying Terminally Online at any time and (b) ceasing all further use of the Services. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Terminally Online’s email address set forth in Section 17.15.

14.5 **Effect of Termination.** Termination of any Service includes removal of access to such Service and barring of further use of the Service. Termination of the Services may also include deletion of Your Content. Upon termination of any Service, your right to use such Service will automatically terminate immediately. Terminally Online will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination. All provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive, shall survive termination of Services, including without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability.

14.6 **No Subsequent Registration.** If your ability to access the Services, is discontinued by Terminally Online due to your violation of any portion of the Agreement, then you agree that you shall not attempt to re-register with or access the Services, and you acknowledge that you will not be entitled to receive a refund for any Fees related to those Services to which your access has been terminated.

Section 15. **INTERNATIONAL USERS.** Services can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to Services that are not available in your country. These references do not imply that Terminally Online intends to offer such Services in your country. Terminally Online makes no representations that Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Anyone accessing the Services does so of their own volition and is responsible for compliance with applicable law.

Section 16. **DISPUTE RESOLUTION.** Please read this Section 16 (“**Arbitration Agreement**”) carefully. It is part of your contract with Terminally Online and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

16.1 **Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.** Subject to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement (including Section 16.2, which shall apply notwithstanding any laws or rules in your jurisdiction that may prohibit mandatory or compelled arbitration), you and Terminally Online agree that any dispute, claim, disagreements arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services or the Terms of Use and prior versions of the Terms of Use, including claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of these Terms of Use (each, a “**Dispute**”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (a) you and Terminally Online may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and remain in small claims court; and (b) you or Terminally Online may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of the Terms of Use as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms of Use.

16.2 **Informal Dispute Resolution.** There might be instances when a Dispute arises between you and Terminally Online. If that occurs, Terminally Online is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution. You and Terminally Online agree that good faith informal efforts to resolve Disputes can result in a prompt, low‐cost and mutually beneficial outcome. You and Terminally Online therefore agree that before either party commences arbitration against the other (or initiates an action in small claims court if a party so elects), we will personally meet and confer telephonically or via videoconference, in a good faith effort to resolve informally any Dispute covered by this Arbitration Agreement (“**Informal Dispute Resolution Conference**”). If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference, but you will also participate in the conference. The party initiating a Dispute must give notice to the other party in writing of its intent to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference (“**Notice**”), which shall occur within 45 days after the other party receives such Notice, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. Notice to Terminally Online that you intend to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference should be sent by email to the contact information set forth in Section 17.15. The Notice must include: (a) your name, telephone number, mailing address, and e‐mail address; (b) the name, telephone number, mailing address and e‐mail address of your counsel, if any; and (c) a description of your Dispute. The Informal Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute, even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple users in similar cases, unless all parties agree; multiple individuals initiating a Dispute cannot participate in the same Informal Dispute Resolution Conference unless all parties agree. In the time between a party receiving the Notice and the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference, nothing in this Arbitration Agreement shall prohibit the parties from engaging in informal communications to resolve the initiating party’s Dispute. Engaging in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference is a condition precedent and requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process required by this section.

16.3 **Waiver of Jury Trial.** YOU AND TERMINALLY ONLINE HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Terminally Online are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the subsection entitled “Applicability of Arbitration Agreement” above. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

16.4 **Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief.** YOU AND TERMINALLY ONLINE AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN SUBSECTION 16.9, EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR MASS ACTION BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party’s individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under Subsection 16.9. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this Subsection 16.4 are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), you and Terminally Online agree that that particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated in the courts of the state of Delaware, sitting in Wilmington, Delaware. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small claims court. This subsection does not prevent you or Terminally Online from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims.

16.5 **Rules and Forum.** The Terms of Use evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce; and notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and any arbitration proceedings. If the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process described above does not resolve satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after receipt of your Notice, you and Terminally Online agree that either party shall have the right to finally resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“**AAA**”), in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules (“**AAA Rules**”) then in effect, except as modified by this section of this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are currently available at https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf. A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (“**Request**”). The Request must include: (a) the name, telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail address of the party seeking arbitration (if applicable) as well as the applicable Digital Wallet address; (b) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (c) a description of the remedy sought and an accurate, good‐faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (d) a statement certifying completion of the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process as described above; and (e) evidence that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration. If the party requesting arbitration is represented by counsel, the Request shall also include counsel’s name, telephone number, mailing address, and email address. Such counsel must also sign the Request. By signing the Request, counsel certifies to the best of counsel’s knowledge, information, and belief, formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that: (i) the Request is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (ii) the claims, defenses and other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (iii) the factual and damages contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery. Unless you and Terminally Online otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process discussed in subsection 16.9 is triggered, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any AAA fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable AAA Rules. You and Terminally Online agree that all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with anyone except the parties’ attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential.

16.6 **Arbitrator.** The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in Delaware and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) days of delivery of the Request, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process under subsection 16.9 is triggered, the AAA will appoint the arbitrator for each batch.

16.7 **Authority of Arbitrator.** The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (a) all Disputes arising out of or relating to Subsection 16.4, including any claim that all or part of Subsection 16.4 is unenforceable, illegal, void or voidable, or that Subsection 16.4 has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (b) except as expressly contemplated in Subsection 16.9, all Disputes about the payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (c) all Disputes about whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (d) all Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in Subsection 16.9. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

16.8 **Attorneys’ Fees and Costs.** The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). If you or Terminally Online need to invoke the authority of a court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration, then the party that obtains an order compelling arbitration in such action shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in securing an order compelling arbitration. The prevailing party in any court action relating to whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration, including the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process, is entitled to recover their reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

16.9 **Batch Arbitration.** To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and Terminally Online agree that in the event that there are one hundred (100) or more individual Requests of a substantially similar nature filed against Terminally Online by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), the AAA shall (a) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining Requests); (b) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (c) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award (“**Batch Arbitration**”). All parties agree that Requests are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise the AAA, and the AAA shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (“**Administrative Arbitrator**”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by Terminally Online. You and Terminally Online agree to cooperate in good faith with the AAA to implement the Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Requests, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (i) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (ii) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision.

16.10 **30-Day Right to Opt Out.** You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the email address set forth in Section 17.15, within thirty (30) days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, email address, Digital Wallet address (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms of Use will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

16.11 **Invalidity, Expiration.** Except as provided in Subsection 16.4, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You further agree that any Dispute that you have with Terminally Online as detailed in this Arbitration Agreement must be initiated via arbitration within the applicable statute of limitation for that claim or controversy, or it will be forever time barred. Likewise, you agree that all applicable statutes of limitation will apply to such arbitration in the same manner as those statutes of limitation would apply in the applicable court of competent jurisdiction.

16.12 **Modification.** Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms of Use to the contrary, we agree that if Terminally Online makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will notify you. Unless you reject the change within thirty (30) days of such change become effective by writing to Terminally Online at the email address set forth in Section 17.15, your continued use of the Services, including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Services following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement if you have previously agreed to a version of these Terms of Use and did not validly opt out of arbitration. If you reject any change or update to this Arbitration Agreement, and you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate Disputes arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services, any communications you receive, or these Terms of Use, the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement as of the date you first accepted the Terms of Use (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms of Use) remain in full force and effect. Terminally Online will continue to honor any valid opt outs of the Arbitration Agreement that you made to a prior version of these Terms of Use.

16.13 **Confidentiality.** All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.

16.14 **Survival of Agreement.** This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Terminally Online.

Section 17 GENERAL PROVISIONS.

17.1 **Independent Contractors.** The relationship of Terminally Online and you under this Agreement is that of independent contractors. Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, neither party will be deemed to be an employee, agent, partner or legal representative of the other for any purpose and neither will have any right, power or authority to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of the other. Your use of the Services shall not imply, suggest, or otherwise attempt to create an employment relationship between Terminally Online and you.

17.2 **Electronic Communications.** The communications between you and Terminally Online may take place via electronic means, whether you visit Services or send Terminally Online e-mails, or whether Terminally Online posts notices on Services or communicates with you via e-mail. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Terminally Online in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Terminally Online provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in writing.

17.3 **Release.** You hereby release Terminally Online Parties and their successors from claims, demands, any and all losses, damages, rights, and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from your use of Services, including but not limited to, any interactions with or conduct of other Users or third-party websites of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of the Agreement or your use of Services.

17.4 **Assignment.** The Agreement, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without Terminally Online’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.

17.5 **Force Majeure.** Terminally Online shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, epidemics, pandemics, governing laws, rules or regulations, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

17.6 **Questions, Complaints, Claims.** If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to Services, please contact us at the email address listed in Section 17.15. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your concerns have been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.

17.7 **Exclusive Venue.** To the extent the parties are permitted under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Terminally Online agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the courts of courts of Delaware, sitting in Wilmington, Delaware.

17.8 Governing Law. The Terms and any action related thereto will be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of DELAWARE, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the AGREEMENT.

17.9 **Choice of Language.** It is the express wish of the parties that the Agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English.

17.10 **Notice.** Where Terminally Online requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing Terminally Online with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to Terminally Online is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Agreement, Terminally Online’s dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice. You may give notice to Terminally Online at the email address listed in Section 17.15. Such notice shall be deemed given when received by Terminally Online by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address.

17.11 **Waiver.** Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

17.12 **Severability.** If any portion of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intention of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.

17.13 **Export Control.** You may not use, export, import, or transfer Services except as authorized by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you access Services, and any other applicable laws.

17.14 **Entire Agreement.** The Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.

17.15 **Contact Information.**

Email: hello@onplug.io
